[chore] Update operator docs (#991)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart: docs/auto-instrumentation-install.md

# splunk-otel-collector   3s    http://$(SPLUNK_OTEL_AGENT):4317
```

### 3. Instrument application by setting an annotation

Enable instrumentation by adding the `instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/inject-{instrumentation_library}` annotation.
This can be applied to a namespace for all its pods or to individual PodSpec objects, available as part of
Deployment, Statefulset, and other resources.

**Annotation Values:**
- `"true"`: Inject the `Instrumentation` resource from the namespace.

> - `"my-instrumentation"`: Use the `Instrumentation` CR instance in the current namespace.

Reviewer: could be helpful to introduce the term since I'm not sure there's an actual "CR" shortname.

```suggestion
- `"my-instrumentation"`: Use the `Instrumentation` custom resource (CR) instance in the current namespace.
```

        instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/container-names: "myapp,myapp2"
```

#### Multi-container pods with multiple instrumentations:

This is for when `operator.autoinstrumentation.multi-instrumentation` is enabled. Specify containers
for each language using specific annotations like `instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/java-container-names`.

**Example:**

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: my-deployment-with-multi-containers-multi-instrumentations
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: my-pod-with-multi-containers-multi-instrumentations
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: my-pod-with-multi-containers-multi-instrumentations
      annotations:
        instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/inject-java: "true"
        instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/java-container-names: "myapp,myapp2"
        instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/inject-python: "true"
        instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/python-container-names: "myapp3"
```

**NOTES:**
- Go auto-instrumentation **does not** support multi-container pods.
- A container cannot be instrumented with multiple languages.

> - The `instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/container-names` annotation is not used for this feature.

Reviewer: nit (feel free to ignore)

```suggestion
- The `instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/container-names` annotation will be disregarded if a language container name annotation is set.
```

| apache-httpd            | OpenTelemetry | Available   | Needs Validation |                              | [Link](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-apache-httpd-instrumentation) | ghcr.io/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/autoinstrumentation-apache-httpd |

### Documentation Resources

- https://developers.redhat.com/devnation/tech-talks/using-opentelemetry-on-kubernetes
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/blob/main/README.md
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/blob/main/docs/api.md#instrumentation
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/blob/main/README.md#opentelemetry-auto-instrumentation-injection
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/blob/main/README.md#use-customized-or-vendor-instrumentation

### Troubleshooting the Operator and Cert Manager

#### 1. Check the logs for failures

**Operator Logs:**

```bash
kubectl logs -l app.kubernetes.io/name=operator
```

**Cert-Manager Logs:**

```bash
kubectl logs -l app=certmanager
kubectl logs -l app=cainjector
kubectl logs -l app=webhook
```

> #### 2. Cert-Manager Issues

Reviewer 2: Can we also mention that user has the option of getting a self-signed certificate generated for the webhook using the chart? We don't seem to call out this option in the installation readme.

I understand cert-manager will provide full certificate lifecycle management including replacing expiring cert, but it is a relatively difficult application to operate and troubleshoot. We don't want a user trying out the operator to be blocked by a cert-manager issue when there is an alternative to use.

Author: Done
